Migration docs (#277)
gigantum/hybrid-object-store: resources/docs/server/database_migrations.md

# Database Migrations

> The Hybrid Object Store makes use of the [go-pg](https://github.com/go-pg/pg) Golang ORM for interacting with the Postgres database server. Each service has its own database within the server and maintains its own database schema and relational mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hoss makes use of the [go-pg](https://github.com/go-pg/pg) Golang ORM for interacting with the Postgres database server. Each service (currently `core` and `auth`) has its own database within the server and maintains its own database schema and relational mappings.
```
